Add Getting Started section (#449)
gardener/documentation: website/documentation/getting-started/observability/alerts.md

---
title: Alerts
---

## Overview

> Here we differentiate between two types of alerts for control plane and Gardener managed system-components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this overview we want to present two ways to receive alerts for control plane and Gardener managed system-components:
```
